 
All right. Hi guys. Welcome back to the
channel. So, in today's video, I'm going
to be talking about how I got my first
five clients for my web design agency.
Now, before I begin, my name's Jack and
I run a successful marketing agency. We
specifically do web design and a bit of
SEO as well. And I'm just going to start
off by saying, you know, I'm not making
millions of pounds. I'm not, you know,
running an agency that's making £100,000
a month kind of thing. But what I am
doing is I've started a business that's
completely replaced my income. So over a
year ago now I was working a 9 to5
probably just like you are at the
moment. Hated my job really. I wasn't
you know getting the satisfaction I
needed. I wasn't making enough money. Um
I was sick of you know answering to to a
boss waking up every day going to a job
I don't like. So I finally decided you
know that's it. I'm ready to start my
own business. I tried multiple online
businesses. I failed at every single one
of them. I I did every kind of online
business under the sun. I did uh Google
ads, I did SMMA, I did um trading, drop
shipping, you name it. I failed at it.
So, that was until I started a web
design agency that I actually started to
see success. Now, I run a successful uh
web design agency. It generates me
thousands in passive income every single
month. I can get up whenever I want to
get up. Um I can take holiday whenever I
want. I'm not answering to any boss.
It's giving me my time back to do the
things that I want to do. And at the end
of the day, I'm making a lot more money
from it as well. So, it's a win-win. So,
before I start, you know, if you want to
run your own web design agency, I'm
actually starting a community. It's the
first link in the bio where I'm going to
be building a course on how you can
start your very own web design agency.
Uh, it's not built yet, but if you do
get in there, it's free for the first 50
people, and I'll personally help you
start your own web design agency. you
can jump on a call with me as often as
you like and we can build something
great together. So, right, let's get
into it. Uh, how I got my first five
clients. So, the first technique that I
used to get my first client was
using my existing community. So, you'll
be surprised at how many people are
looking for a website and how many
people own their own businesses who
either don't have a website or they've
tried to do a website themselves and
it's not very good and they know they
need someone to do a website. They're
just waiting for that person to come
along. You should be telling everyone
that you're starting a web design
agency. whether you're, you know, you
should pretending your friends, your
family, your uh communities that you're
in, your sports clubs, because that's
how I got my first client. Let everyone
know the word got around that I was
starting a web design agency. Um, and
someone from a local sports club that
I'm part of uh got in contact with me
and they said, "Hey, we've got a Airbnb
that we need a website for. Can you do
it for me?" And then there you go.
You've got your first client. As easy as
that. You will be surprised who in your
community is willing to help you out,
especially if they know it's a new
business. You can go to people uh who
you know and be like, do you know anyone
who might be interested in a website or
even a free website because I've started
this new web design agency and I want to
get some clients uh some testimonials,
some case studies under my belt so that
I can use that to then get more clients
in the future. So yeah, using your
community very underrated way of getting
clients for your new web design agency.
So, the second way that I got clients
for my web design agency was,
you guessed it,
cold calling. So,
cold calling. Everybody hates it. Nobody
likes cold calling really. So, but at
the end of the day, it's just a fear
that you've got you've got to get over.
So, the the way that I got over cold
calling was A, you just do it and you
get better at it and it becomes less
scary the more you do it. But B, I
thought to myself,
is my desire to quit my job, run a
successful business, is that desire
greater than the fear of talking to some
random person on the phone? Yes, it is.
You know, that fear is not bigger than
my desire to be successful. And once you
get that into your head, it becomes a
lot easier to cold call. And it's like
anything, the more you do it, the better
you get, the more comfortable you get at
it. And you know, if you've got the
right scripts, you've got the right
scripts in place, you know what you're
going to say, you've got exactly what
you're going to say when you pick up the
phone, you're not secondguing. It
becomes a lot easier as well. If you
want to know the exact scripts that I
use to close uh my first few clients
cold calling, join the community and
I'll be giving those away for free. But
yeah, cold calling, it's really easy to
just download a massive list of numbers.
You can scrape them from Google, go
through, see who's got rubbish websites
or who hasn't got a website. You can go
on to Google Maps. You can scrape lists
of websites that don't have websites.
And you can just ring them one after
one, be like, I can see you've not got a
website. Um, I'm running this web design
offer at the moment. I make websites for
your niche. I'm in your local area,
etc., etc., etc. Do you want to have a
chat about it? And most of them be like,
"Yeah, that sounds like a good." If
you've got a good offer, they're going
to be like, "Yep, sound. Let's booking a
sales call." You can jump on the call
and you can uh chat to them about
selling them a website. So, that's cold
calling. You can really do a lot of
volume. You know, you can make 50 calls,
50, 100 calls in a couple of hours. It's
really easy to get through the numbers.
Remember, when it comes to outreach,
it's a numbers game. The more people you
outreach, the more sales calls you're
going to book. The more sales calls you
book in, the more clients you're going
to get. Simple as that. So, the third
way that I got my first five clients was
cold
email.
Now, I got to be honest, I did a lot
more of this than I did cold calling
because
it's a lot easier.
It's a lot less scary, that's for sure.
So, cold email, similar way to cold
calling. All I did was I downloaded a
massive list of um websites from Google.
I went through that massive list of
websites and I found ones that were
rubbish. They look like they've been
done themselves by the owners and I
started emailing them. I emailed them uh
my offer. I emailed them website
examples. And if you email enough
people, you will get someone who gets
back to you and says, "Yep, I've been
waiting for someone to come along with
an an offer to build me a website." And
they will get in contact with you and
they will book on a sales call. Now,
cold email isn't just as simple as
finding email addresses and sending
emails. There's a lot more to it. You've
got to um set up your automatic email
sending tools like instantly or reach
inbox to send emails when you're
automatically for you because like I
mentioned, it's a numbers game. So, you
need to be sending volume of emails.
It's going to take too much time to be
sending those emails individually. And
what we also do is we set up
personalized mass emails. So each
individual email is personalized with a
personalized video. Now how we do that,
it's a bit of a secret. If you want to
join the community, I'll tell you how.
But the way that works is that each um
person who receives a cold email from
you is going to get a video of you
talking over their website. So it looks
like it's a really personal email and
they're more likely to open that email,
see that it's a personalized email when
it's not really a personalized email.
and then they're more likely you're
gonna see way better conversion rates.
Again, I'm going to break this down in
my course that I'm going to be building
inside my community. It's not built yet,
but it's at the moment it's free and
open for the first 50 people. So, join
that and then I will be releasing how
you can do that as well. So, now we're
on to number four of how I got one of my
first five clients for my website
agency, [snorts] and that was
social media,
specifically
Facebook
groups.
Now,
why do I say Facebook groups? So,
did you know that there are Facebook
groups for literally everything? Your
mom is in a Facebook group for literally
everything she's interested in. There
are Facebook groups for every single
niche that you can think of. Plumbers,
electricians, tree surgeons,
landscapers. There will be Facebook
groups dedicated to people who own
businesses
in those niches. So, what you all you
need to do, and this is what I did, is
you go into those Facebook groups, you
build a template website, quick and
easy, simple screenshot
of that, whatever niche you're
targeting. You go into that Facebook
group and you post that into the
Facebook group and you write something
like, "Hi guys, um, I make websites for
Xniche." So, I make websites for
landscape. Here's an example. Can I get
some feedback now?
What will happen is loads of people will
see this. It's not seen as an
advertisement because you're asking for
feedback.
So, you're not going to get banned from
the group, but people are going to see
that and be like, "Ah, I need a website.
This looks like a pretty good website.
I'm just going to message this guy and
see how much he charges for a website."
That is a great way of getting leads.
And I would say it's probably one of the
most effective ways of getting getting
leads for your web design agency. So,
basically, that's it. That's how I got
my first five clients for my web design
agency. Now, if you want to know the
exact scripts that I use for each of
these methods, as well as the bonus
methods that I use every single week to
sign up three to four clients to my
website agency, join the community. Uh
it's first link in the bio. Like I
mentioned, it's free for the first 50
people. And uh if you want the scripts,
I'll send you the scripts. Just give me
a message in there be like, "Jack, can
you send me uh your Facebook scripts?
Can you send me your cold email
scripts?" And I'll send them to you.
in the community. I will also be
building a course step by step on how I
built my agency from zero to thousands
and thousands of passive income every
single month. It's given me the freedom
that I've got at the moment. So yeah, if
you're interested in joining, it's free
for the first 50 people. First link in
the bio. And um look out for some more
videos. I'm going to be doing videos on
um maybe videos on these specific
outreach models. I'm going to be doing
videos on how to close your clients. So
yeah, that's it. how I got my first five
clients for my new web design agency as
a newbie business owner who had no
previous experience. Drop a like and a
subscribe. I'll be releasing more videos
soon. But if you want some one-on-one
coaching, join the community down below
and we can hop on a call and I can help
you start your own web design agency.
Like, subscribe, and I'll see you in the
next
